slightly improve `Portal` page (#509)
solidjs/solid-docs-next: src/routes/concepts/control-flow/portal.mdx

```jsx
import { Portal } from "solid-js/web"

<Portal mount={document.querySelector("main")}>
	<div class="popup">...</div>
</Portal>
```

Using `<Portal>` can be particularly useful in cases where elements, like information popups, might be clipped or obscured due to the overflow settings of their parent elements.
By putting the element outside of the parent element, it is no longer bound by the overflow settings of its parent.
This creates a more accessible experience for users, as the content is no longer obscured.

    	<Callout>
    	  `<Portal>` will render wrapped by default in a `<div>` unless the mount point is `document.head`.

    	  This is so events propagate through the Portal according to the component hierarchy instead of the  elements hierarchy.
    	</Callout>

> When portaling into a `SVG`, the `isSVG` prop must be used to avoid wrapping the children in a `<div>` and wrap in a `<g>` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you portal an `SVG` into a Portal, you must avoid wrapping the children in a `<div>`.
Instead, you would need to use a `<g>` tag which is the comparable to a `<div>` but compatible with svgs.
```
